only threaten the basic emotions at the address she
Enticing Garlic
in the northwest
and in the first attack in the first moment
the initial remuneration of the other on the other
1st to 30th
where the owl sleeps
did misses jorginho peixoto jorge is an important player who, after all
talent
between milan
Tony from Brazil
ae
in the summer
then come
- first phase miguel there will be a meeting between the goals
thinking of the head and the chest, right?
that soccer player and you delay the ball with one with the chest
I'll be hers
but attention completely corner of goalkeeper as Sunday pressed before
it is always difficult to face Brazil giving these opportunities then
eye in the eye
Raised the procedure, calm way
ah
Walmart Brazil
God
sep
he received a quiet and relieved program pass
the chile was only to choose the corner
accurately billing high
3 a 0 brasil paulo sérgio once again it is brazil and it works the speed
with the aerial ball
without marking he considered it impossible to do works I know
printed a lower pace this year to black power to apply a large
florianópolis
in the last six
turned
and then again Lucidi and his second and fourth in the Brazilian national team
besides the way you would see such a strong
4 Brazil
will be Venezuelan Brazil is taking advantage for tonight train at
his plays played rehearsed the play is also very well rehearsed
by the Brazilian team was well executed now all over the world
and the Brazilian children taking advantage of today's game to put
he did not understand all his options
in the act of the penalty mark, I do not think there's a clash in a statement
and that's when all the work that happened
exchange for the opponent
hammered his boss term fred and the referee for the game and got the penalty
of trainings -
I did not know how to wait for the right moment, it leaves a little late, it ended in ninth
freight body
authorized to run and discuss
Great goal, Brazil.
he rolled
is fred and frederico lines the goalkeeper to one side
to the other because not every Brazilian
five Brazil
if the venezuela paulo sérgio until the freddy displacing of lucas left antenna
let's pick it up in the corner, it made freight easier
the tale that his uncle ended up doing the fifth goal
in the Brazilian national team
brazil back to work with so much speed setut and pgmu
cassol
Brazil
ae
from the booking trip
get outside help and avoid the right foot
the bottom of goal to the 6 all Brazil
6 for Brazil will be Venezuelan
Brazil goalkeeper's two-stroke defense stretched ball
bruno delivery on the second lane
lia
all Brazil
first round
scoring another goal for the Brazilian team or seventh goal of Brazil
Look here andre ball he arrived from cart arrived from cart showing
because he is the top scorer of the competition
reached the 11th goal of the striker came from the competition bruno malias showing that
we really have had